README.md, before:

Audio Technology
================

This repository contains slides from the lecture
[Audio Technology](https://github.com/Filmuni-AVAD/audiotechnology)
of the master course [Audio-Visual Application
Design](http://www.filmuniversitaet.de/en/study-application/ma-courses/av-application-design.html)
at [Filmuniversität Babelsberg KONRAD WOLF](http://www.filmuniversitaet.de).

In addition to the slides you can find [interactive
examples](https://github.com/Filmuni-AVAD/audiotechnology-examples) illustrating
some of the topics.

## Further resources

You might want to look at the following resources to get a deeper coverage of
the topic:

* At Aalto University, Ville Pulkki gives a lecture called "Communication
  Acoustics" which is also available as a book (ISBN: 978-1-118-86654-2). The
  lecture slides and some other materials including audio examples are available
  at http://users.aalto.fi/~vpulkki/Communication_Acoustics/.

## License

The authors waive copyright and related rights in the work through the
[CC0 1.0 Universal public domain dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

This is supposed to be an [Open Educational Resource](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_educational_resources).

Commit message:

Add reference to Communication Acoustics course

README.md, after:

Audio Technology
================

This repository contains slides from the lecture
[Audio Technology](https://github.com/Filmuni-AVAD/audiotechnology)
of the master course [Audio-Visual Application
Design](http://www.filmuniversitaet.de/en/study-application/ma-courses/av-application-design.html)
at [Filmuniversität Babelsberg KONRAD WOLF](http://www.filmuniversitaet.de).

In addition to the slides you can find [interactive
examples](https://github.com/Filmuni-AVAD/audiotechnology-examples) illustrating
some of the topics.

## Further resources

The lecture is inspired by the course "Communication Acoustics" given
by A. Raake and S. Spors at TU Berlin from 2010 until 2015.

You might want to look at the following resources to get a deeper coverage of
the topic:

* At Aalto University, Ville Pulkki gives a lecture called "Communication
  Acoustics" which is also available as a book (ISBN: 978-1-118-86654-2). The
  lecture slides and some other materials including audio examples are available
  at http://users.aalto.fi/~vpulkki/Communication_Acoustics/.

## License

The authors waive copyright and related rights in the work through the
[CC0 1.0 Universal public domain dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

This is supposed to be an [Open Educational Resource](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_educational_resources).
